When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all
your work local?

I would use a remote repository to save copies of my work online to
prevent data loss on my local machine. In addition, using a remote
repository would make collaborating on projects much easier.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having
Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

Having Git automatically update your remote repository might delete
changes that you made in the meantime, which would be an inconvenience.
You may want to work on a previous version of a repository, commit, and
then update the remote after you finish.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would
you use one instead of another?

Forks are used solely on GitHub to copy repositories without having
access to them. I would fork a repository if I wanted to create my own
version of it without affecting the original. Cloning is used to
download a remote repository onto a local machine. I would use this if
I wanted to directly modify the remote. Branching is used to create a
separate path of commits that does not affect the master branch. I
would use branches to, say, add an experimental feature to a project.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the
remote stored locally?

The benefit of this is that you can view the changes that have been
made to the code and plan your own work accordingly. If you are not
aware of recent changes, then it may be difficult to resolve conflicts
that you introduce in your code.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be
easier, and what would be harder?

Without using Git or GitHub, I would most likely collaborate using
an online platform like Google Docs. It would be much easier to make
quick changes without pull requests, branches, and the like. However,
it would be more difficult to find bugs in previous versions and to
have an organized method of combining changes to projects.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than
directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?

I would make changes in a separate branch if I wanted to add some code
to a project without affecting recent changes made in master branch.
This would allow me to resolve merge conflicts after I was done creating
my branch. The benefit of making changes in a separate branch is that
you can modify the project without changing the master version. The
benefit of making changes directly in master is that changes are readily
available in the "main" version of the project.